docs(readme): added description new structure and onboarding new product teams and special cases (#2)
catenax-ng/product-onboarding: github/README.md

# This folder contains Terraform scripting for GitHub onboarding

> **TLDR** one terraform run for all gh-repositorys gh-teams and gh-mapping between repositorys and teams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**TLDR** one terraform run for all gh-repositories, gh-teams and gh-mapping between repositories and teams
```

> In our case we have one Github Organisation which is capable for all github repository information within the catena-x ng for each product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case we have one GitHub Organization which contains all GitHub repository information within
 catena-x ng for each product.
```

## Assigning a team as contributor to a repository via terraform

Contribution access to a repository in our GitHub organization is granted on a team level. We do not
grant this kind of access to individuals.
Access is again managed by our terraform variables under [github folder](..github/).

To manage contribution access for a team on a repository, edit the `terraform.tfvars` file in the `github` directory.

There, add a new map entry to the `github_repositories_teams` variable inside `terraform.tfvars`.

> As convention, we decided to for the map key as a combination of repository and team (`<repository-name-team-name>`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As convention, we decided for the map key to be a combination of repository and team (`<repository-name-team-name>`).
```

This is done, because we have cases of multiple teams contributing to a single repository. This is configured, by
adding multiple entries to the `github_repositories_teams` map, containing the same repository, but a different team
each time.

As default, we configure `maintain` access on the product repositories for the teams, since all the administrative
tasks are handled by the team managing the organization.

> ## GitHub Organistation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GitHub Organization
```

> The following section describes how to handle users, teams and repositories in our GitHub organisation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section describes how to handle users, teams and repositories in our GitHub organization
```
